hello this is damon Hargreaves I'm the
distance learning facilitator for the
Bering Strait school district lately
I've been getting lots of questions
about embedding video into your
WordPress blog there are lots of ways to
do this one of the easiest ways to do
this is to use YouTube and that's kind
of what I've mostly been getting asked
about so that's what I'm going to show
you how to do today if you go to the
YouTube website and you can do a search
for you know whatever video you want
maybe you find something that you think
is valuable or maybe you upload
something yourself whatever the case is
though when you go to that page for that
video you'll notice over here on the
right hand side as a dialog box that's
labeled embed if you click on that will
need to copy that this is a the code
that you're going to need to get the
video to show up in your website so now
that we have that copied we'll go back
to our wordpress blog click right now
logically you'd think that you would be
able to just paste your code into this
text box right here and it's actually a
little bit more complicated than that
you have to click the code tab here
since its HTML code you have to click
the code tab will paste that in now also
what makes this even more complicated
are some little kind of things that
WordPress does under the hood this code
as it stands right here won't actually
work so well what we'll need to do here
is delete this last close object tab or
tag with that deleted it should work put
in a title
and click publish now I could have put
text in um above that code or below that
code depending on what I wanted to write
or I could have been sort of that code
into something that I'd already written
it wouldn't have mattered but that
object tag does need to be removed so
let's just check our work here and see
if it all worked correctly looks like
it's working